feat: statistics calculator (#48181)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-advanced-array-methods-by-building-a-statistics-calculator/63507b5ac8a55134223374c7.md

---
id: 63507b5ac8a55134223374c7
title: Step 2
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-2
---

# --description--

> To get started, the `calculate` function will need to read the value of the `#numbers` input. Use a `.querySelector` to find that element, and then use the `.value` property to get the value of the input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin, the `calculate` function needs to find the number that was entered in the `#numbers` input field. To do this, use a `.querySelector` to locate the input field and then use the `.value` property to get the number entered.
```
